##################
Project Background
##################

I suppose this place is as good as any for indulging myself in
telling the narrative of how I came to want to make an engine for
building MUDs.

I was fortunate to have a personal computer and Internet access when
I was a young child in, in the 1990s.  I remember being amazed at
the games *Anvil of Dawn* and later *Escape from Monkey Island*,
which used lines of dialog - alongside words - to create a level of
storytelling I didn't realize video games could give.  (I mean, I
was also a toddler before then, so I wouldn't have been able to
appreciate it regardless.)

It wasn't long after that I discovered games like the iconic Zork,
and other text-based adventures.  Thanks to my dad exposing me to
Linux early in life, I was playing these games by connecting to kind
stranger's servers running them through telnet.  This led to me
discovering that there were text-based adventure games online, that
were *multiplayer*.  They were called MUDs: multi-user dungeons.

One of the first I found was the *Discworld MUD*.  It was set in a
fan-made recreation of Terry Pratchett's *Discworld* fantasy
setting.

Every part of the game blew my mind.  There were over a million
rooms - discrete game areas, either literal rooms or stretches of a
street or bit of forest -, thousands of non-player characters, and
over a hundred players all roaming the place, acting out their roles
in the various guilds.

There was a global chat where people were bickering politics and
tech, and the developers of the game - all volunteer - were right
there, having a go of it as well.

I've played quite a few MUDs in the two decades since I first logged
into the Discworld MUD, and they all have some of that magic.

I've never experienced an online community quite like what a MUD
enables.  Over the years, I've spent a lot of time thinking about
why.  I think part of it is the origins: many MUDs started as the
project of people who would have been dungeon-masters, but they had
good Internet connections and a mind for programming.  So they're
almost all run by volunteers, and entirely free-to-play.

Another part is the medium.  You can get away with things through
text that would be incredibly time consuming to create (and render)
using a graphical engine.  (It is, simply, easier to say, "For a
moment, the world appears to have been replaced by a shabby
reconstruction made of yarn," than create all the graphical assets
and such to visually render that.)

This ease also makes it a lot easier to dip your toes into becoming
a developer in one of these games.  Many games draw their developers
from the players, "promoting from within."

Ultimately, exploring those ideas is why I'm doing this project.
Not long after I started playing the Discworld MUD, I wondered how
it would be to make my own MUD.  I'd given it various stabs over the
years, starting with other people's libraries, then trying different
forms of my own, before eventually settling on using Python (first
2, now 3).

(Don't mistake the project's longevity for a development of
programming skills, here or elsewhere: I'm a craft programmer, not
professional.)

