docs/source/index.rst, before:

#####
qtMUD
#####

qtMUD is a Python package containing a *MUD driver* written by `emsenn
<https://github.com/emsenn/>`_ and released under the `MIT License
<https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT>`_.

MUDs are a form of multi-user server where clients receive text output
and interact by typing commands.  MUDs are usually games, and are
often role-playing games.

qtMUD is the engine, or *driver*, for running a MUD server, and is
intended to be used with a MUD /library/: modules adding game
features.

To learn more about the qtMUD project, read :doc:`project-information`.

To learn more about playing a game that uses a qtMUD library, read the :doc:`list-of-live-games`.

To learn more about hosting your own game using a qtMUD library, read the :doc:`list-of-qtmud-libraries`.

To learn more about developing a MUD library, read the :doc:`manual-of-qtmud-library-development`.

To learn more about developing qtMUD, read the :doc:`manual-of-qtmud-development`.

To learn about the qtMUD source code, read the :doc:`source-documentation`.

Or, see the more complete Table of Contents below:

.. toctree::
    :maxdepth: 3

    project-information
    list-of-live-games
    list-of-qtmud-libraries
    manual-of-qtmud-library-development
    manual-of-qtmud-development
    source-documentation
    changelog

References:

* :ref:`genindex`
* :ref:`modindex`
* :ref:`search`

Commit message:

chg: dev: Delete old code, add package documentation
This is a pretty big commit, but doesn't actually change the
functionality of the codebase since the last one; it just gets
rid of old code.

And, adds a layout for the codebase's source documentation, so
I can continue on my weird documentation-driven-development method.

docs/source/index.rst, after:

#####
qtMUD
#####

qtMUD is a Python package containing a *MUD driver* written by
`emsenn <https://github.com/emsenn/>`_ and released under the `MIT
License <https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT>`_.

MUDs are a form of multi-user server where clients receive text
output and interact by typing commands.  MUDs are usually games, and
are often role-playing games.

qtMUD is the engine, or *driver*, for running a MUD server, and is
intended to be used with one or more MUD *libraries*: modules adding
game features.

To learn more about the qtMUD project, read
:doc:`project-information`.

To learn more about playing a game that uses a qtMUD library, read
the :doc:`list-of-live-games`.

To learn more about hosting your own game using a qtMUD library,
read the :doc:`list-of-qtmud-libraries`.

To learn more about developing a MUD library, read the
:doc:`manual-of-qtmud-library-development`.

To learn more about developing qtMUD, read the
:doc:`manual-of-qtmud-development`.

Finally, to learn more about the qtMUD codebase, read the
:doc:`source-documentation/index`.

Or, see the more complete Table of Contents below:

.. toctree::
    :maxdepth: 3

    project-information
    list-of-live-games
    list-of-qtmud-libraries
    manual-of-qtmud-library-development
    manual-of-qtmud-development
    source-documentation/index
    changelog
    todo
    
* :ref:`genindex`
* :ref:`modindex`
* :ref:`search`
